# ยง04 - DB

## Questions
1. Which of the following does Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) manage
on your behalf? (**Select THREE**.)
    * A. Database settings
    * B. Database software installation and patching
    * C. Query optimization
    * D. Hardware provisioning
    * E. Backups
2. Which AWS database service is best suited for managing highly connected datasets?
    * A. Amazon Aurora
    * B. Amazon Neptune
    * C. Amazon DynamoDB
    * D. Amazon Redshift
3. You are designing an ecommerce web application that will scale to potentially hundreds of
thousands of concurrent users. Which database technology is best suited to hold the session
state for large numbers of concurrent users?
    * A. Relational database by using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
    * B. NoSQL database table by using Amazon DynamoDB
    * C. Data warehouse by using Amazon Redshift
    * D. MySQL on Amazon EC2
4. How many read capacity units (RCUs) do you need to support 25 strongly consistent reads
per seconds of 15 KB?
    * A. 100 RCus
    * B. 25 RCUs
    * C. 10 RCUs
    * D. 15 RCUs
5. How many read capacity units (RCUs) do you need to support 25 eventually consistent
reads per seconds of 15 KB?
    * A. 10 RCUs
    * B. 25 RCUs
    * C. 50 RCUs
    * D. 15 RCUs
6. How many write capacity units (WCUs) are needed to support 100 writers per second of
512 bytes?
    * A. 129 WCUs
    * B. 25 WCUs
    * C. 10 WCUs
    * D. 100 WCUs
7. Your company is using Amazon DynamoDB, and they would like to implement a write-
through caching mechanism. They would like to get everything up and running in only
a few short weeks. Additionally, your company would like to refrain from managing any
additional servers. You are the lead developer on the project; what should you recommend?
    * A. Build your own custom caching application
    * B. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX).
    * C. Run Redis on Amazon EC2.
    * D. Run Memcached on Amazon EC2.
8. Your company would like to implement a highly available caching solution for its SQL
database running on Amazon RDS. Currently, all of its services are running in the AWS
Cloud. As their lead developer, what should you recommend?
    * A. Implement your own caching solution on-premises
    * B. Implement Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
    * C. Implement Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached.
    * D. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX).
9. A company is looking to run analytical queries and would like to implement a data
warehouse. It estimates that it has roughly 300 TB worth of data, which is expected to
double in the next three years. Which AWS service should you recommend?
    * A. Relational database by using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
    * B. NoSQL database table by using Amazon DynamoDB
    * C. Data warehouse by using Amazon Redshift
    * D. Amazon ElastiCache for Redis
10. A company is experiencing an issue with Amazon DynamoDB whereby the data is taking
longer than expected to return from a query. You are tasked with investigating the problem.
After looking at the application code, you realize that a Scan operation is being called for a
large DynamoDB table. What should you do or recommend?
    * A. Implement a query instead of a scan, if possible, as queries are more efficient than a
scan.
    * B. Do nothing; the problem should go away on its own.
    * C. Implement a strongly consistent read.
    * D. Increase the write capacity units (WCUs).
* [Answers](https://i.imgur.com/LXiUcZ1.png)
   * [Explication]()
* Score: 8/10 = 80% 
